1. I am going to bus but the ticket it not with me and then I stand and wait but nobody tell me where to go.  
2. My sister she was went to the shop where they selling the fruits and then she lost the bag with the card in.  
3. The man who selling fish he no say how much price and I try to give money but he not taking it from hand.  
4. I make the cake but the oven it too much hot and all inside is burn and now I don’t want give to anyone.  
5. When I walking to the home the rain was very much heavy and umbrella I not bring and my clothes full of wet.  
6. Teacher give us the book to reading and I don’t understanding all the word but I still write the things.  
7. She wear the dress of red color but the shoes is mismatch and all people looking her in party with funny eye.  
8. I try to fix the fan but the tool I not knowing how to use and after I break the table also with my hand.  
9. He eat the food so quick and not chewing and after he feel pain in the stomach and I say told you before.  
10. Cat was sitting on the top but it falling down and then I try to catch it but the cat already run out side.  
11. The phone it ringing but I not hearing because I was doing brush and soap fall in water near bathroom floor.  
12. I was try to cooking the rice but water was too less and fire was too much and rice it got stick in vessel.  
13. We was going to the zoo but the gate was closed and then we wait in line but someone say no ticket today.  
14. He open the TV but no channel come and then he press button again and again but still screen is black.  
15. She give the gift to me but it not working and when I open it battery not inside and she say oh I forget.  
16. The shoes I wearing for walking is pain and I try to remove but street is dirty and dog coming close also.  
17. Light was gone and I try to find candle but matches not there and I hit the chair with my leg and fall.  
18. My uncle is come from train and he bring bag of sweet but sweet is already melt because no cold place.  
19. When I try singing the song the people laughing and I don’t know what wrong but I singing with full heart.  
20. The baby cry very much at night and I try to sleep but noise not stopping and I go out of room after.
21. I was went to market but the shop it not open and I walking more far but still no one selling the things.  
22. My brother he saying he fix the bike but when I ride it the pedal fall down and I almost hit the wall.  
23. She was cooking the egg but the gas was not on and she not see it and wait long time for nothing happening.  
24. The train was going fast and my bag still on platform so I try to run but I not reach in time to get it.  
25. Dog was barking all night and I tell to neighbor but they not caring and then I put pillow on head for sleep.  
26. My shoe is broken in the road and I try walking but it hurting my toe and nobody help me carry the bag.  
27. The boy he throw ball on the glass and it break then he saying not him do and he go running very quick.  
28. I watching the movie but sound is not coming and I press remote but it do nothing and I feeling bored.  
29. She fall in ground when she try running and her phone got break also and now she crying lot about it.  
30. We going picnic but we forgot the food and water and sun was very hot and all people get angry on us.  
31. I telling him the answer but he not listening and then teacher asking and he saying I not tell anything.  
32. He put the milk on stove but forget to off it and after full kitchen is smell of burning and smoke come.  
33. My auntie is come to house but no chair clean and she sit on box and it broke and she shout with loud voice.  
34. When I open the window the bird come inside and fly all around and I scream and try to catch but not get.  
35. The baby eat the crayon and color on the face and I not knowing and I take photo before cleaning it.  
36. The bell was ring but we not go out because we think it was wrong ring and then teacher scold us later.  
37. The bus go before I reaching and I run but driver not stop and other people laughing when I tired.  
38. My glasses fall in toilet and I not use hand to take it and I tell father and he angry but still help.  
39. She say she bring cake but forget it in fridge and when party start she say sorry and we eat biscuits.  
40. The music was loud in the room and neighbor knock the door and we all hide because we not want trouble.
41. I write the homework but the paper fall in water and all words go vanish and I cry because no time again.  
42. The chicken was cooking but then power go and fan stop and kitchen get hot and I leave before finish it.  
43. I open the fridge to drink but nothing was cold and juice taste like bad and I don’t drink it full.  
44. She try to dance in stage but music not start and she just standing and looking the people with confuse.  
45. My phone was charging but I not plug switch and whole night it still empty when I wake up for use.  
46. We going to temple but rain come and clothes all wet and I slip on mud and everyone see me falling.  
47. The bag was too heavy and strap break and I drop all book in middle road and car horn and I get panic.  
48. I clean the floor but forget to dry and then my brother run and fall down and say why I not tell.  
49. He say he know the way but he take wrong turn and then we going lost and walk long time to find again.  
50. I take umbrella but wind blow it wrong and it bend and I still get wet and walk back home angry.  
51. The kid throw the toy up and it hit the fan and break it and then he hide behind sofa with scared face.  
52. My shoes is wet and I wear it and walk school and it make sound and people laughing in class.  
53. She open the gate but dog run out and she try to call but dog go far and she not catch him again.  
54. I was sleeping but mosquito bite and I wake and try to find it but it fly too fast and I give up.  
55. He bring cake for party but he drop it from bike and box open and all cream gone in road.  
56. The alarm ring early and I off it and sleep again and then I wake very late and miss the bus also.  
57. I try to write but pen is no ink and I borrow but that pen also not working and paper is empty.  
58. She sing loudly but forgot the lines and start humming and people clapping still because music play.  
59. The fish jump from bowl when I was cleaning and I scream and run and call my mom to help me.  
60. We plan picnic for beach but sky turn dark and storm come and we go back without opening even the bag.
61. I wear the new shirt but button fall and I try to fix with pin but it poke me and I leave it like that.  
62. He bring the balloon for birthday but it pop in bag and then he cry and say he not want party now.  
63. The clock stop in wall and I thinking it early but really time go and I miss the meeting already.  
64. I go to washroom and forget to lock and someone open door and I shout and they go fast from there.  
65. She was making tea but put salt instead sugar and then give to guest and they look confuse but drink.  
66. My friend try to jump the fence but pant tear and everyone laugh and he run home quick with sad face.  
67. The phone slip from hand and hit my foot and screen break and now no message can read proper.  
68. I tell story in class but forget what next and then say something wrong and teacher stop me in middle.  
69. The fan was on and paper fly everywhere and teacher come and say why so mess in room like this.  
70. She say she bring lunch but open bag and only spoon inside and she say maybe forget box in table.  
71. I go take bath but towel not there and I shout for help and nobody hear and I wait long till someone come.  
72. He was showing magic trick but drop the card and say wait wait and try again but we already see the thing.  
73. My shoe stuck in mud and I walk with one and try to pull other but it not come and I leave it there.  
74. The remote fall under sofa and I put hand but touch something else and get scare and not try again.  
75. I want to write name but I spell wrong and teacher circle it and I don’t know how to fix it correct.  
76. She bring water bottle but it leak in bag and all book get wet and ink spread on page very bad.  
77. He open juice but cap fly and hit his eye and he say it hurt and we laugh and then help him sit.  
78. The dog eat my sandwich and I see him after and he look happy and I not say anything just look.  
79. My glasses fog in bus and I not see seat and I sit on bag and person say hey that not chair.  
80. We go for ride but tire flat in middle and pump not working and we wait long time in sun with no help.