1) My favorite food is noodles and I like to make the noodles and I prepare them very nicely and I use some things like vegetables, salt, and masala and I boil the water and after that I put noodles and mix all the ingredients and then I eat them and I like that very much and I feel happy when I cook and I enjoy cooking noodles a lot.  
2) My favorite animal is dog and I love dogs very much and I saw many dogs in my street and I always try to feed them and I give them biscuits and milk and when they come near me I feel so good and I talk with them and I sometimes take care of the puppies also and I like to play with them and I feel peaceful when I am with dogs.  
3) My hobby is watching movies and I like to watch different movies and mostly I see action and comedy movies and sometimes with friends and sometimes alone and I enjoy a lot while watching and I take snacks while watching and feel good and I always watch on weekends and I keep remembering the funny scenes and I love watching movies.  
4) My best friend is Ramu and we used to play together and we play cricket and football and we both are going to same school and sometimes we eat lunch together and we share stories and fun and we talk a lot during evenings and sometimes we fight but again we talk and I feel lucky to have Ramu and we spend time a lot.  
5) My favorite subject is science and I like to learn about planets and animals and I read the books about it and I also watch videos in mobile about different things in science and I do some small experiments at home and I feel excited when I know something new and I love to ask my teacher many questions and I like to study science.
6) My brother name is Rahul and he is going to college and he like to play games in mobile and he always talk with his friends on phone and sometimes he help me with homework and we both fight sometimes and then we again talk and he likes to eat spicy food and he always watching cricket in TV and I feel good when we spend time.  
7) My uncle working in a company and he go to office daily in the morning and come back at night and he travel by bike and sometimes car and he bring chocolates for me and he is very funny and he make jokes every time and we laugh very much and we watch movies on Sunday and he also play games with me sometimes and I like my uncle.  
8) My favorite weather is rainy season and I like to walk in the rain and feel the cool breeze and I sometimes play in rain water with my cousins and we make paper boats and we see them floating in water and sometimes we get cold but still we enjoy rain and my mom make hot snacks and we eat that while watching rain.  
9) My dream is to become a dancer and I watch many dance videos and I try to do same steps and I show to my parents and they feel happy and they tell me to practice more and I dance in my school functions and I like to wear costume and perform and I feel nervous but I like it and I want to be best dancer one day.  
10) My father is a good person and he go to work everyday and he bring fruits and vegetables from market and he tell me to study well and he always help in math homework and he drink tea in morning and read newspaper and he tell me stories in night and I love my father so much because he always care me.
11) Last weekend I went to my cousin’s house and we all watched a movie and after that we had dinner together and the food was very tasty and I enjoyed the time with them and we talked many things and laughed a lot and then we played some games also and it was a very good weekend and I want to visit again.  
12) I attended a wedding last month and it was very big function and there were so many people and the decorations were very beautiful and food was also very tasty and I saw many relatives after long time and we took pictures together and danced on the stage and I felt happy because everyone was smiling and enjoying.  
13) I joined yoga class in my area and it starts early morning and first we do breathing exercises and then stretching and the teacher tells us how to do properly and I feel little tired in beginning but after some time it feels good and my body feels relaxed and I go every day and I want to be more flexible and healthy.  
14) I remember the day when we went to the zoo and there were so many animals and I saw lion, tiger, giraffe and elephant and I felt very excited to see them and we clicked pictures with animals behind and we also saw birds and snakes and the place was big and clean and we bought toys from zoo shop and it was fun day.  
15) I have a big garden in my house and I plant flowers and vegetables and I water them every morning and I see them growing slowly and I feel very happy to see them and my grandma also help me in garden work and we both sit in garden in evening and drink tea and talk and the garden looks beautiful when flowers bloom.
16) My cousin started his own business and he is selling clothes online and he take pictures of clothes and upload in app and people order from there and he packs and send them and he told me it’s not easy but he enjoy doing it and he get money from it and he want to grow more and I feel happy for him.  
17) My mom makes best biryani and she cooks on Sunday mostly and I help her in cutting vegetables and she tells me how to mix the masala and rice and we wait for it to cook and smell comes very tasty and then we all sit together and eat and I always eat extra when she makes biryani because I love it so much.  
18) My school has one big library and there are many books and I go there every week and I take story books mostly and sit quietly and read and I feel very peaceful there and sometimes I take books to home and return after finish and the librarian is very nice and she help us choose books and tell us about new books.  
19) I saw one movie last night and it was action movie and the hero did many stunts and the story was also good and I liked the background music also and I watched with my brother and we had popcorn and soft drink and after movie we talked about the scenes and both of us liked it very much and want to watch again.  
20) My class had a science exhibition and we made a working model of volcano and we used clay and bottle and soda to show eruption and everyone came to see and asked questions and we explained nicely and teacher told good job and we felt very proud and we also saw other projects and it was a very good experience.
21) I started saving money from small things like not eating outside and I keep that money in my piggy bank and now it’s almost full and I want to buy headphones from that and my parents also happy that I’m saving and they told it’s good habit and I feel proud when I count the money and see it increasing day by day.  
22) I want to learn how to drive a car because it’s important and helpful and my brother told he will teach me and we tried last week and I was little scared first but then I started to learn slowly and I did some small mistakes and he corrected me and I want to learn more and one day drive on main road.  
23) I feel happy when I clean my room and arrange things properly and I take all books and keep in shelf and clothes in cupboard and then I sweep the floor and mop also and I play music while doing and it takes one hour and after that room looks very nice and I sit there and feel very fresh and relaxed.  
24) I like painting and I do with water colors mostly and I paint simple things like house, trees, and birds and I did one painting for my wall and my family liked it and they kept it in hall and I felt so nice and now I try different ideas and practice more because I want to be good in painting and learn new styles.  
25) I enjoy riding bicycle in evening and I go around my colony and sometimes with my friends and we race and laugh and it feels cool wind on face and I forget all stress and come back after one hour and park my cycle and drink water and my parents tell me to be safe and wear helmet and I follow that.
26) My best friend gave me a gift on my birthday and it was a surprise and when I opened it I saw a nice watch and I liked it very much and I wear it daily now and I thanked him and we took photos and cut cake and enjoyed the party and I will remember that gift always because it made me very happy.  
27) I visited a fair in my city last week and there were many stalls and rides and I went with my cousins and we tried food like panipuri and noodles and then we played games and won small toys and I sat on giant wheel and felt scared but also fun and it was a colorful place and I liked the lights in night.  
28) My teacher told me to give a speech in school assembly and I was nervous at first but I wrote my points and practiced at home and on the day I went to stage and spoke in mic and my friends clapped and teacher appreciated me and I felt very happy and now I want to speak more confidently in future.  
29) I planted a small mango tree in front of my house and I water it daily and now it started growing slowly and leaves coming and my grandpa help me to put fertilizer and clean around it and he said it will take time to give fruits and I wait for that and I feel excited to see my own tree one day giving mangoes.  
30) I went to beach with my family in holidays and we played in water and made sand castles and we clicked pictures and collected shells and ate snacks near the beach and saw sunset together and it was very beautiful and we stayed till evening and came home tired but happy and I want to go again.
31) I have one pet cat at my home and her name is Meenu and she is very cute and always sleep on sofa and play with ball and sometimes scratch my hand but I like her so much and I give her milk and food daily and she follow me everywhere and sleep near me and I feel happy to have her as my pet.  
32) My cousin brother is learning guitar and he play songs at family functions and he also teach me little bit and I try to learn chords and sometimes I make mistake and he corrects and now I can play small tune and it feels nice to play music and I want to practice more and be better like him.  
33) I remember the time when I went to museum with school and we saw many old things like coins, swords, dresses and statues and there were guides who explained about everything and I wrote notes and clicked photos and we had lunch there and came back in bus and I liked that educational trip very much.  
34) My mother tell me to help in kitchen sometimes and I cut vegetables and arrange plates and sometimes I try to cook small items like sandwich or noodles and she teach me slowly and say good job and I feel proud to help and I want to learn more cooking so I can make food for myself also.  
35) My school had sports day last week and I participated in running race and other games and I wore my house color dress and we all shouted and cheered and teachers clapped and gave prizes and I got one medal and I was very happy and we clicked group photo and it was very fun day for me.
36) I saw rainbow yesterday after rain and it was very colorful and I called my brother to see and we both looked from balcony and clicked photo and I like rain also because weather becomes cool and fresh and trees look clean and sky looks nice and sometimes we go out to eat hot snacks after rain.  
37) I joined online course to learn computer basics and in that they teach typing, MS Word and Excel and I attend classes daily evening and sometimes I get doubts and ask teacher and they explain nicely and I practice on laptop and I want to complete this course and use it for future job.  
38) I like watching cartoons in free time and my favorite one is Shinchan because he is very funny and do silly things and I laugh a lot while watching and my parents also sit sometimes and enjoy with me and I watch on TV or mobile and I wait for new episodes and I don’t miss it any day.  
39) I remember last time when electricity gone at night and we lit candles and sat together and told stories and my dad told funny things from his childhood and we laughed and my sister got little scared but later we all played cards and after one hour power came and we all clapped and shouted.  
40) I like winter season because weather is cold and we wear sweaters and drink hot drinks and in morning fog comes and we can see our breath and I like to sleep more in winter and also festivals come during that time and we get holidays and enjoy food and family time and it’s my favorite season.
41) I once went to my uncle’s farm and there were many animals like cows, goats and hens and he showed me how to feed them and we picked vegetables from garden and cooked lunch there and I played with my cousins and took many photos and I liked the fresh air and green place and I want to go again.  
42) I like playing mobile games in free time and my favorite game is car racing and I try to beat my own score and sometimes play with my friends online and I feel very excited when I win and my parents say to not play too much so I manage time and play after homework is finished.  
43) My grandfather tells me stories from old days and he tells with action and sound and I enjoy listening to him and sometimes I ask questions and he laughs and answers and I sit with him in evening and he tells stories from his childhood, kings and animals and I learn many things from him.  
44) I visited zoo with my school and saw lion, tiger, zebra and giraffe and I was very excited to see them and we walked a lot and clicked pictures and ate lunch together and our teacher told us to write essay on the zoo trip and I wrote everything and showed to my parents and they liked it.  
45) I helped my friend in preparing for exam and we studied together in library and I explained him some topics and we practiced questions and he was very thankful and said he will help me next time and we both passed and felt happy and our teacher also appreciated us for teamwork.
46) My favorite subject is science because I like to know how things work and in school our teacher show experiments and that makes me excited and I ask many questions and she explain with examples and I also read science books at home and I want to do more experiments by myself too.  
47) I like to go shopping with my mom because I help her in carrying bags and selecting vegetables and clothes and sometimes she buys me chocolates and I like to push the trolley and see all items and I feel happy when we come back and arrange all things in fridge and shelves together.  
48) I remember when we celebrated my sister’s birthday and we decorated the hall with balloons and lights and invited her friends and ordered cake and food and she was very surprised and happy and we took videos and danced and enjoyed full night and it was a memorable day for our family.  
49) In my free time I like to draw in my notebook and use color pencils and sketch pens and sometimes I copy from internet and sometimes I draw from my own idea and I show my drawings to my family and they say it’s good and I feel nice and I want to improve more by practicing daily.  
50) I once traveled in airplane when we went to Delhi and it was my first time and I was little scared during take off but later I enjoyed the view from window and ate snacks they gave and listened to music and after landing I felt happy and told all my friends about my experience.
51) I like watching movies with my cousins and we all sit together on sofa and make popcorn and play the movie on TV and we laugh and talk while watching and sometimes pause and rewind and after movie we talk about scenes and actors and it becomes a fun time for us every weekend.  
52) I remember the day when my cycle got punctured while going to tuition and I had to walk with it in sun and I reached late and teacher asked reason and I told and she smiled and said okay and after class my dad helped me to repair it and now I check tyres before going anywhere.  
53) I like Sunday mornings because I don’t have to rush for school and I wake up late and my mom makes special breakfast and we all eat together and then I watch TV or read something and relax and play with my sister and the whole day feels slow and peaceful and I enjoy it a lot.  
54) I once made a paper boat during rainy day and placed it in water outside our house and watched it float and I made many boats and added names on them and my brother joined and we had small boat race and got wet but enjoyed a lot and my mom clicked photos and told to dry fast.  
55) I like ice cream very much and I eat mostly chocolate flavor and sometimes mango and I go to shop near my house with friends and we sit and eat and talk and it feels cool and tasty and even in winter I eat little bit and my mom tells not too much but I like it and feel happy every time.