1) In the wedding hall there will be a many chairs and flowers with lights and the bride is coming with music and they are dancing and the children are running around and it will be a full of enjoyment and happy sound.  
2) In the festival they will decorate the houses with light and flower rangoli outside and the people are wearing new clothes and go to temple and eat sweets after the prayer and family also enjoy together with fun.  
3) The road to my village is long and we can see trees and animals like cows and goats and beside of road is small pond and people wash clothes and some children bathing and play with water with shouting.  
4) In my uncle shop there are many items like toys and snacks and customers are coming and buying the things they want and uncle is telling the price and he also give small chocolates to kids and they laugh and happy.  
5) The train journey was very amazing because I saw big mountains and river and trees with birds flying and people talking in the train and selling tea and snacks and the seat also near window and I watched outside all time.
6) My brother hobby is drawing pictures with many colors and he like to draw animals and trees and sometimes superheroes and he draw in the evening time and show to family and we all happy to see.  
7) I like to cook food when I feel bored so I go to kitchen and try to make noodles or rice with some vegetables and sometimes I forget to add salt but still I eat and enjoy it with watching mobile.  
8) Every Sunday we are going to park with my cousins and we carry bat and ball to play cricket and also bring some chips and water and after playing we sit on grass and talk with laughing and noise.  
9) My father office is near my school and he go by bike every day morning and he come back at night and he work on computer and also talk on phone with his boss and sometimes bring chocolate for me.  
10) I have pet dog in my home and his name is Bruno and he is white color and he play with me every day and eat biscuits and sleep in my bed and when someone come he start barking with loud sound.
11) My cousin like to go outside for travel and she take photos of all place she visit and also buy something from there like dress or toys and after come back she show us and tell the story of trip.  
12) In my room there are many books on table and some are on bed also because I read before sleep and sometimes forget to keep them back and my mother tell to clean but I say I will do later.  
13) I remember the time when we all go to zoo and see lion, tiger and many birds and we eat ice cream and take photo near giraffe and that day was very hot and we all get tired but enjoy full day.  
14) When we celebrate festival at home then we wear dress and do decoration with paper and light and my mother make sweet and father bring flowers and we all sit and pray with singing the song.  
15) My favorite time is evening because I go to terrace with my sister and we see the sky and talk many things and sometimes we eat snacks there and watch sunset and feel very nice and relaxed.
16) My dream is to become dancer and I practice every day in my room with music and sometimes I watch videos and learn new steps and in school function I perform on stage and my friends clap for me.  
17) I want to be artist and I draw many painting with colors and pencil and stick on my wall and when my friends come they say it look nice and I feel happy and want to do more drawing again.  
18) My aim is to be teacher and I see my teacher how she talk and write on board and I also play with my toys like I am teaching and I feel so good when I do that like real classroom.  
19) I like to be singer and I sing many songs in front of mirror and record in mobile and show my family and they say very nice and tell me to join music class to become more better in singing.  
20) I wish to be chef and cook in hotel because I enjoy making food and I help my mother in kitchen and learn recipe and I think one day I open my own hotel with tasty food for everyone.
21) In the morning market there are many peoples and they are shouting for selling and the vegetables are fresh and some are cutting and packing and some customers are buying with talking and bargaining.  
22) The street is full with crowd in the evening and some peoples are eating pani puri and other are shopping and the sound of horn and sellers voice are mixing and making so much noise everywhere.  
23) When I go to market with my mother she buy all vegetables and I carry the bag and we see many stalls and sometimes she stop and talk to seller and ask for price and then she choose best one.  
24) On Sunday the fish market is full of smell and sound and peoples are rushing to get the fish and the sellers are cutting and cleaning and putting them on paper and calling loudly to come and buy.  
25) In fruit market the colors are looking so bright and there are apples, bananas, mangoes and more and the shopkeeper arrange them nicely and some peoples are tasting before they buy it.
26) I always hear music when I sit alone and it make me feel better and I put earphones and play songs on my mobile and some songs are happy and some are sad but I like all depends on mood.  
27) When I go on travel I carry my headphones because I like to listen music in train and watch outside and play my playlist and sometimes sing little bit when nobody near me and feel relaxed.  
28) In night before I sleep I play slow songs because it help me to sleep fast and I close my eyes and imagine things and I feel very calm and forget about all things happen in day.  
29) I have many songs in my mobile and I made groups like happy songs, sad songs and dance songs so when I feel some mood I just open that group and play the songs one by one.  
30) My sister also love music and we both sit together and play songs loud and dance in room and laugh and sing and sometimes we fight for which song to play but then we enjoy same songs.
31) In my school playground we play cricket in one side and in other side we play throwball and after school we stay some time and play with friends and laugh and run and enjoy the time together.  
32) The playground near my home have many games like slide and swing and see-saw and in evening all children come and play and shout and parents also sit and watch from bench.  
33) We have small ground in colony where we play football and sometimes fight for team but then we enjoy and when someone fall we help and then again start playing with full energy.  
34) Every Sunday we clean the playground and remove the stones and dry leaves and we put goal post and draw line for cricket and after that we all start playing till it gets dark.  
35) In summer holiday we go to cousin place and there is big playground and all kids from street come and we play many games one by one and eat snacks and drink water from bottle and have fun.
36) The ground was full of people and noise was everywhere and some kids were shouting and others playing games and the wind was blowing and dust was coming and still we all enjoy the moment.  
37) There were too many people in the park and some were running and some sitting on mat and music was playing from speaker and children were laughing and playing with balls and kites.  
38) On sports day our school ground was crowded and many students were shouting and teachers telling us where to stand and the air was hot but everyone was excited and clapping and cheering.  
39) I went to fair and the ground was full with lights and rides and peoples walking and eating and there was sound of songs and some were dancing and kids were enjoying with toys and balloons.  
40) When we had cricket match in playground, crowd was standing around and clapping and whistling and shouting names and players were running and the weather was windy with lot of excitement.
41) I like singing very much and I sing when I feel bored or happy and sometimes I sing loudly in my room and my family hear and tell me to sing again and I feel so good when they like it.  
42) Every evening I practice singing by myself and I take my mobile and play the karaoke and I try to sing with it and sometimes I forget words but I still continue and enjoy it very well.  
43) In my school I sing in morning prayer and my friends also join me and we all sing together and sometimes I feel nervous but I try to sing with smile and slowly I feel confident to do.  
44) I also sing when I go to temple and there is bhajan every Saturday and many peoples are singing and I sit and sing with them and I like how it feel peaceful and full of god feeling.  
45) When I was small my mother tell me to sing in front of guests and I was scared but I sing one song and they all clapped and from that time I started to love singing more and more.
46) I do yoga every morning in my balcony and I feel very fresh and relaxed and I follow some videos from phone and try to do same poses and sometimes I take break if I feel tired.  
47) My hobby is doing meditation and I sit quietly and close my eyes and take deep breath and sometimes my mind get distracted but I try to focus again and it help me to feel calm.  
48) In evening time I do yoga with my mother and we both spread mat and do together and we laugh when we do wrong pose and then try again and it becomes fun also healthy.  
49) I like yoga because it make my body feel strong and also my mind feel peace and I learn new poses from my teacher and I try to do daily even if I feel little lazy sometimes.  
50) I take some tools like skipping rope and yoga block when I do yoga and I use them to help me in some pose and it make easy for me to learn and feel better after doing all.