1) My neighborhood market is always busy on weekend with the peoples shouting names of fruits and sounds of bargaining mix in air and also music from a shop make place more alive and fresh with color and smells.  
2) In the train station people running fast for catch their train, kids holding balloons and food smells coming from food stalls and announcements going everywhere with big sound and confusion and lot of crowd moving.  
3) The wedding was full of light and songs, everyone dress beautiful clothes and children dancing with smile and elders giving blessing, and the hall was full of color and happy talk all around during that time.  
4) When we go to the park in evening, the trees shaking in wind and old people walk slow while children laugh and dog barking and it feel calm and nice with light sun making shadow on the ground.  
5) On festival day, the street full with decoration and shops shining with light and sweets selling fast and kids playing games in corner, music sound come from loudspeaker and all people look so happy.
6) My dream is to be a famous singer one day and I’m trying hard with singing practice everyday because I want to make my parents proud and my friends also say I have talent so I keep try with full heart.  
7) I think to become a doctor is very great because I like to help peoples and when I was small I see a doctor help my grandma so from that time I decide to do same and now I’m study very hard for that.  
8) For my future I want to go foreign country and do job in big company and my family also support this plan and I watch many videos about that and learn many thing every day so I reach my goal soon.  
9) My ambition is to make game because I like playing and designing games and one day I want to open my own company also and create games with good story and graphic and now I learning coding daily.  
10) I prepare for the big exam because I want to join defence and serve for country and I know it is very tough but my sir help me and I doing training and also focus on study with full time.
11) Yesterday I was go somewhere and forget to take my bag then I return back and again I miss the bus then I wait more long time and get so tired because weather also not good.  
12) Last week I plan to visit my cousin but rain fall heavy and train cancel so I stay at home and just watch movie and sleep but I feel little boring because I want to meet them so much.  
13) I try to clean my room on Sunday but while cleaning I find old toys and photos so I start to see them and after that I not clean anymore and my mom say why still messy and I say I try.  
14) That day I wake up very early to go trip with friends but one friend get sick and plan cancel so I just go walk alone and then eat something outside and return home by evening.  
15) I wanted to bake cake for fun but I put more sugar and less flour then it not come out good and I laugh with my sister and she say next time follow recipe proper and not guess things.
16) Sometimes I remember when we go to old age home and help grandpa and grandma, and that time I feel something special in heart because they smile with us and tell nice stories also.  
17) There was a time I visit animal shelter with group and feed the dogs and clean place, that moment feel good because animals happy and we all do work together and laugh lot.  
18) One time I joined school camp where we teach drawing to small kids, and they make cute pictures and say thank you and that time I feel proud and want to do more this kind of thing.  
19) I remember when we collect clothes and food for flood peoples, that day was tiring but I learn many thing and we go in group and give to them and they say bless you and all team feel nice.  
20) Long back I help my neighbor’s child to study for test and when he pass he come to my house with chocolate and that make me feel like teacher and I think helping is really good thing.
21) Last month I go mountain trip with cousins and we climb little and play near water and take many photos also and eat Maggie on top and all of us enjoy too much and feel fresh.  
22) My favorite place is near river where trees are so tall and wind blow cool and we go there sometimes with snacks and sit for hours and talk about many funny things together.  
23) I like one cafe where I go with my friends always and we sit on same table and order fries and juice and talk about life and laugh very loud and click group selfies.  
24) One time we go to amusement park where rides were big and fast and I scream lot but still go again and again with friends and eat ice cream also in between and had full fun.  
25) My most loved place is my grandma village because it has peace and fields and cows and every night we sit outside and look stars and eat homemade food with everyone.